[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Yep, I'm going there.
I'm talking about
bathroom dreams right now.
I thought that nobody
had bathroom dreams,
and then it turns out lots of
people have bathroom dreams.
So I was hiding this
my whole life, the fact
that I was having them.
But I was having so many.
And even now, to this day,
almost all of my dreams
are attached to
a bathroom dream.
It's really crazy.
But my point will be, lean
into the recurring dreams.
Watch them.
Put that audit on the recurring
dreams and see, when you do,
if they start moving.
If they've always been
solid, see if that pressure
starts changing them.
And then what are the changes?
So for me, they started very
decrepit and weird and isolated.
But there's some really
interesting observations
about them.
They have really evolved,
and we definitely
take these for granted.
But, yes, hundreds.
OK?
I've had hundreds and hundreds.
Probably more than that, because
it's happened my entire life.
There has never been one
that has ever been the same.
And there has never
been one that I've ever
seen in real life, ever.
So what about that?
What is that?
They fascinate me.
I've probably seen one that
looks like a real bathroom.
I'm going to say five,
just to give it a couple
extras that maybe I forgot.
But they don't look
anything like--
I go into there knowing
it's a bathroom,
but it never looks like one.
Everything is so unusual.
Now I'm at the
point where I go in,
and I'm kind of excited
to see what it looks like.
And the goal is to
bring more awareness
to see if it's
really a bathroom.
It wasn't until I had one,
probably in the last year,
that I started to have a feeling
as I was looking around it.
My lucid level was
rising, in hindsight.
I started to really
observe it, and I started
to wonder inside my dream.
I wasn't having a lucid dream,
but I was having more lucidity.
And I was wondering, is
this really a bathroom?
And ever since I started
wondering that, in the dream,
more things have
started happening.
My last one, I was in
an elevator that took me
into a plane that was flying.
So I started to think, is this a
doorway that we could be using?
What is this?
So this is why I like
to encourage people
to look at the mundane, what you
think is mundane in your dreams,
and start looking at it
from different directions.
Is it like quantum physics where
this is all about the observer?
Observe it and see how
that wave breaks down.
What does it break into?
I think it's
something we overlook.
And I invite you to have
a good look at what's
happening in your own.
This picture is hilarious.
I have always been
compelled to experiment,
like I was saying,
using the protocols
that I learned from controlled
remote viewing, left-right brain
research, all sorts of things.
Split-brain studies,
I'm fascinated with.
And I just was
clarifying my intent
and increasing meditation time.
It's really helpful.
I can't explain why, but
I think you're spending
more time in that brain state.
And so it just seems to be a
bit of an amplifier for dreams.
Better tracking in your dreams.
If you're going to do this,
you want to watch your tracking
and just get a little
bit better at a time.
I know it's a lot
of work sometimes.
But here's a great thing,
a tool, that I learned,
and this was from the book
"Dreaming on Both Sides
of the Brain" by
Doris Eliana Cohen.
Dream headlines-- so
just like a newspaper has
a headline-- it's really hard
to go back in all your dreams
and find them.
So make it easier to
categorize them for yourself.
Write a dream headline
with the main theme
and write a couple points.
I'm at the point now where I
have to voice-record them when I
wake up, and then I write them.
Because memories change.
You want it fresh.
Right?
So when you get up, if you can--
I don't even move
out of the bed.
I voice-record it, and
then I write it down.
And sometimes I can't even
remember half of the things
by the time I write it down.
So that's important.
And I started getting
immediate results
from this little
bit of pressure.
I got new and different types
of dreams, emotional matches.
Emotional matches, to me
now, looking back, are like,
you're starting to see a little
bit of precognition happening.
I'm just going to tell you
a little bit about this
because it's funny.
One of my best friends
is here, and she
was in one of the
dreams that really made
me recognize what this was.
All it is is I started
noticing that a dream might
have an emotional peak in it.
OK?
So in this dream, she
and I were driving,
and she was driving
crazy, recklessly.
And I was saying, hey, slow
down, and she wouldn't.
And I had to keep raising
myself to a level I'm not
used to using.
I had to get really loud and
upset to get her to stop.
And then she listened.
What played out during the day?
That day I had a
situation with my dog.
I'm painting.
My hands are in all
sorts of things.
And my dog is happily
wagging her tail
and chewing my computer cord
like it's the greatest thing.
And so I go through this
process, because I love her.
And I couldn't.
I was like, hey, stop that.
She wags, wags, wags.
And so I had to escalate to this
level that hurt me to do it,
to get like that.
So the context was different,
but these emotional peaks
matched.
And I think if you
start looking for this,
you'll see that it's there.
You'll see that it's there.
So, again, this is
part of the self-audit.
Sequence dreams.
If you start noticing--
sometimes you'll have three
dreams in a row, four dreams,
five dreams in a row--
write it down.
Say, I think sequence dream.
Then start getting other ones.
You can start to
compare the first dreams
and the fifth dreams
and the third dreams,
and you will start to
see some similarities,
like the lucidity level,
how surreal they are.
Again, there's
these amazing clues.
The more you look, the
more it starts opening up.
I started having déjà
vu inside my dreams.
That was crazy.
I was discussing the
fact that I was dreaming
with people I was walking with.
I was telling people what was
about to unfold in the dream.
It wasn't like. oh, there's a
balloon that's going to fly.
No.
I was describing
a whole scenario
and then watched it play out.
So there was this
ever-increasing awareness.
And I just want to say this.
A lot of times we get hung-up
on, I have to lucid-dream for it
to be good.
I need to learn
how to lucid-dream.
And you don't.
A very small percentage of
people actually really fully
lucid-dream and can
change their dreams.
It's 20% or something like that.
But what you can aim for is
just more global awareness.
That's more like it.
There's kind of a bonus
to not going lucid,
because you start to see that
you're not exactly running it.
In a lucid dream,
you're in control,
and you're changing everything.
But when you have a
profound dream that
ends up being precognitive,
it's kind of good
that it wasn't lucid.
It's different.
You learn, wow, OK,
I didn't create that.
Consciously, I
didn't create that.
That's a powerful
tool to observe.
In 2023, in the summer, I
was going to do a lecture,
and so I wanted to do
another experiment on myself.
I did it for about a month.
Always make it for a
short amount of time.
It'll be more sustainable.
You'll be able to do it again.
The number one thing that
made the most difference--
it's crazy-- I changed
my sleep radically.
So I made sure that
I got up pre-dawn.
OK?
This was one of the
most important things.
And it didn't matter if I
couldn't sleep till 2:00 or I
went to bed at 10:00 or I
went to bed at 8:00, whatever.
I was going to get up at 4:00
or some time super early.
And if my sleep broke, if I went
to sleep at 10:00 and I got up
at 2:00, I was ready for this.
I wanted to accept that.
Because if I had a dream
during the dream experiment,
you are committing that
every time you have a dream,
you are recording that dream.
So if it happens at 2:00, I am
recording that and getting up
and writing it down, and
then I'll go back to sleep.
So I had broken sleep
cycles, but I would always
make sure I would
allow naps for myself
to catch up during the day.
But what started happening
was every single break
of sleep produced dreams.
It was amazing for
a dream experiment,
I had to voice-record.
If you do something
like this, you've
got to voice-record as well.
Priming the mental
space at night.
Part of this is what I'd
say in the next point,
moving all evening
activities earlier.
So if Richard and I were
having dinner at 8:00,
during this experiment, I highly
recommend you want to move
everything to 5:00.
Because we all like our
YouTube research and our shows
and whatever to
decompress from the day.
You want to move
all of this earlier
because right now your
priorities are your dreams.
Right?
So just for this
time, move everything.
You don't want to taint it.
You are here to learn about you.
So all of those
things, you take it,
you do it around your new dinner
time during the experiment.
Morning process,
early rise attitude.
This is part of doing
psychological experiments
on yourself.
I've done a lot of
blindfolded work
and all sorts of crazy
stuff, and it all
comes down to
conviction, a decision
that you make inside yourself
that this is important to you.
One of the things in my
degree is health psychology
and the psychology of change.
And I will tell you, if you have
a list of what you want to do,
it's highly unlikely you
probably, sadly, will fulfill it
and do it.
But if you tell yourself,
why do I want to do this?
Seriously, people want
to meditate all the time,
and they're like, I can't.
I can't.
You haven't had
that conversation
with yourself of why
it means so much.
Because if it really does,
you're going to do this.
So for me, I know why
I want to do this.
And you write down
on your mirror,
instead of your list,
what you want to do
or your affirmations--
you write down why.
Why is that so important to you?
And when I get up at 4:00 and
I'm like, nope, I remind myself,
no, I want this.
And I go and I see why,
and I'm like, yeah.
I want to explore this mind.
I am not going to
die not knowing
how far my brain could go.
No.
what can we do with
these Ferraris in here?
So here's another thing.
I made a new workspace.
I'm just making these
suggestions for you.
If you're going to be getting
up in the middle of the night,
make a desk.
Clear it off at night.
Change the lighting to
something very light, subtle,
like candlelight, something
that you're going to feel good.
It won't be jarring.
Make this easy on
yourself for this part.
The evening was really
preparing this ritual.
I call it the morning mystic.
Because what you want to do--
the left brain doesn't
care about your dreams.
The left brain cares
about getting you to work,
getting you dressed, getting
you feeling good for the day.
What am I going to eat?
This, that, whatever.
Dreams don't matter
to the left brain.
So the morning mystic to me
is you're kind of creating--
instead of these two parts
not caring about each other,
you're kind of doing
this handshake where
you are in your
ego space saying,
I want these two areas
to meet each other.
I want to bring this together.
I want to learn.
And once you start showing it
what you want, it responds.
So I'm telling you, aligning
that with the 4:00 AM thing,
getting up super early, was the
biggest thing in the psychology
of change.
I just talked about that.
So I was thinking about
the left-right brain thing,
and I thought, maybe it would be
useful to think about concepts,
things that the right
brain kind of really likes,
like meeting other
aspects of myself,
future versions of myself,
dimensional versions of myself--
I love this one--
personification
of my subconscious mind.
So I would just sort
of ponder these things
that were larger than me.
Or even the sky and
how we're on a speeding
rock in the middle of space
that's expanding forever.
Just think about these expansive
things just to give it space.
So I did all of these things
for this new experiment,
and the dream world responded
with some new things.
So I had these things before,
but they were just amplified.
There was guidance.
There was teaching.
There was flying.
One of the weird
things that happened,
I was meeting inventors
showing me things.
And I was going places that
I recognized in dream world.
And I would be walking
home-- of course,
there was a bathroom dream
in the middle of this.
But I was walking
away, and I thought
I forgot something and then
going back to the university
that I had just come from, and
it was completely demolished.
And it was all
drones and robots.
And then meeting one
of my professors, who
was showing me this invention.
He had a backpack on
and these goggles on,
and the backpack was
going in and out of--
you couldn't see it.
It was disappearing,
but it was still there.
So I was meeting people
who were inventing things.
Kind of strange, but cool.
And I have to just tell this
cool story that's not about me.
Terence McKenna--
I love this story--
he dreamed of taking DMT and had
a full-blown mystical experience
in the dream without
ever taking DMT.
So cool.
Again, just saying, because
of the limitlessness,
we have to use our imaginations
to ask for new things.
So here's some of the results.
I had increased
questioning going on.
The dreams were still
running, like autopilot,
but I was really stopping and
pausing and looking and noticing
things.
And I had this higher
level of awareness
of people and environments.
Yes, I was seeing the
relationship of my target
in a dream language.
Here's an example of this.
I went to bed saying,
I'm going to put
a sign on the wall in the
bathroom, when I see a bathroom.
I'm going to put a sign on the
wall, and it's going to say,
Tracey, wake up.
So this is what I imagined
before I went to bed.
I get in the dream,
and it's running.
And I remember it was kind
of like a Viking time.
And I'm looking over at a wall,
and I'm like, oh, there's a map.
I'm going to this map.
I don't know why my
attitude was like this.
But I was looking at the map.
And this is almost exactly what
it looked like, by the way.
And I could see all of this
territory, and I was saying,
I know this place.
I'm going to conquer
this frontier.
I will lead us
through this frontier.
And it had this polar
bear head in the middle,
which to you means nothing.
But to me, I have done a lot of
shamanic journeying in my past,
and for decades,
the polar bear has
been at the center of
my heart and my being
and my soul my entire life.
So it was beautiful for me to
see my left brain intention
show up in another language,
in a dream language.
So, again, I'm showing these
things for ideas for you
to experiment.
OK, here is the most unexpected
result of the entire experiment.
I always wanted more
precognitive dreams,
but I didn't have them.
They would just happen
once in a while,
and it was pretty special
when I actually found out.
When you're a little
sleep-deprived,
this is what I uncovered.
I was having precognitive dreams
almost every single time I woke.
Obviously, I didn't know this
until the thing happened.
So if I'd have a break of
dreams, like a three-hour sleep,
wake up, and I had a
little sequence of dreams,
what ended up happening--
I still can hardly
believe this--
each one ended up
being precognitive.
And I would talk to
Richard again, I'm sorry.
Because you want
to claim what you
see so that you
prove to yourself.
And usually it's
great if you can get
the validation of someone else.
Voice-record as well, because
there's your timestamping.
Right?
You need that.
Because if you have
it in your journal,
you know, but it's really
great if you can validate it
on another level to yourself.
So I can't even explain
how this happened,
but it happened so much
that I began to wonder,
is this the true
nature of our minds?
Why would this happen?
So if you ever try this, I want
to know if other people get
these same results.
If you end up seeing
precognition starts coming up
like this, I would love to know.
Record yourself.
Imprint it with
a voice recording
so you know the date and time.
Tell someone else.
And let's look at this.
So anyone who feels like
depriving themselves
of sleep for a little while
and trying something like this,
please let me know.
Here's another amazing mystery
of the mind that I cannot leave
alone.
So gamma brainwaves.
I am so fascinated with them.
Even though I don't really
strive for lucid dreams,
I am very interested in them
because of gamma brainwaves
coming into this.
So let me show you this.
So a lot of people know this,
but a lot of people don't.
So we'll just go
talk about this.
We're talking about the
electrical system of the brain
here, the brain oscillations.
I just made this
little scale because I
like things in pictures,
because I remember them better.
But delta, there's your sleep.
If you look at the
waves underneath,
delta is kind of like the ocean.
Right?
Everything's calming.
And what's happening
during delta
is your brain is shutting
down and going offline.
OK.
Then we'll look up
at the top again.
So I'm in beta right now.
I am talking and
thinking and reading.
So I've got this highly active
brainwave state right now.
You guys are here.
You're in a passive state.
You're listening.
You're in alpha.
All of these have
a bit of a range.
So you're more relaxed.
In theta, you're
getting down to a place
where the brain is
more impressionable.
If you go to hypnosis, they're
going to walk you down here,
to a way more relaxed state.
It's also associated with
mystical experience, which
can happen in delta as well.
The brainwaves are always
going on at the same time.
It's like a symphony.
But we can say
what's dominating.
So this is the general
scale right here.
So where does gamma come in?
Well, science didn't really care
about gamma for a long time.
And all of a sudden now
it is the hot topic.
It's very interesting.
Why?
Because when you're asleep
and your brain is offline,
if you happen to have a
dream that becomes lucid, all
of a sudden your brain starts
going super fast, faster
than your awake state.
Faster than your awake
state, but you're asleep.
So this is kind of interesting.
What's going on here?
So in brain scans, we
know that in delta,
your executive functioning is
going offline, the part that's
identifying as you.
Your occipital cortex, back
of the brain, your vision,
is going offline in delta.
But when you're asleep and
gamma kicks in, they know now
from brain imaging,
your prefrontal cortex,
although you're
sleeping, is back online,
the part that knows you're you.
And your visual occipital
cortex, the back of the brain,
comes online.
Your sight comes back
online during your sleep.
So something interesting
is happening here,
and they still don't know
exactly what's going on.
So we gotta look at,
when is gamma happening?
Is it just in lucid dreaming?
Or when else?
All I was going to add here
is just some scientists
are starting to
lean to questioning
whether this might be a
doorway to a hybrid state
of consciousness.
It's kind of interesting.
It's only happening
in the small time.
And why are these parts of
the brain coming online?
We don't know.
So where else does it happen?
It happens during
lucid dreaming.
They did a big study on
the Dalai Lama's monks.
They have huge
gamma when they do
their compassionate meditation.
So high-level meditators.
Ayahuasca.
Higher voltage than
the Dalai Lama's monks.
It was not recognized
for a long time,
but they are recognizing it now.
Remote viewing, OBE, death.
A brand-new study came
out this year, 2023,
where they had four people
hooked up who were dying.
Because they were in comas.
It was just a situation.
Two of the four had massive
gamma bursts when they died,
at the moment of death.
This is interesting when we
look at all of these together.
Seizures, schizophrenia,
Alzheimer's.
These aren't the only things.
But here we have what
we would, in this world,
call pathology along with
these amazing things, right?
But we call it pathology because
it doesn't fit in this world,
but we don't know what it is.
We really don't know what it is.
But all of these things
have something in common.
All of these things
are kind of touching
into something we perceive as
a different reality, perhaps.
I'll be conservative.
The possibility of
a different reality.
So are we accessing
something unusual?
Well, I listen to a lot of
scientists speak about this.
And when they were talking
about the difference, one
thing they noticed--
in particular, this person I've
been following, Jay Gunkelman,
who is considered an
expert in EEG and QEEG,
and he's studied over 500,000
brain scans or something like
that.
But one thing they
notice is a healthy brain
will have bursts of gamma
when these things happen.
An unhealthy brain-- only that
we deem "unhealthy," right?
Let's put that in quotes.
Isn't able to
navigate it as well.
And gamma locks in
and stays there.
And so I bring this
up for many reasons.
A, it's this incredible mystery.
B, sometimes when we're
doing these experiments,
there's a continuum here
of these amazing things.
But we also have to be
careful because of psychosis.
There's a scale here.
If we are experimenting,
we have to be sure
that we're giving
ourselves sleep,
and we're listening to the inner
version of ourselves that's
saying, I want to
stop for a while.
I want to go.
You've got to listen to this.
I really, truly believe--
this is my psych background
speaking--
the psyche is the
gatekeeper, and we can't just
bulldoze over that.
I truly believe if you get that
message to slow down, slow it
down, because you
will be rewarded
in the long run
for the slowdown.
If you rush over that
because you're too excited,
this is when things can happen
where you're heading down
the road of unhealthy psychosis
from not enough sleep, this kind
of thing.
So I want everyone to do healthy
experimenting and think of that.
The ego is the gatekeeper.
The psyche is the
gatekeeper to keep you safe.
And we do need that.
It's important as well.
Yeah.
Is it a genuine reality?
We can't say for sure.
Is gamma a doorway?
Is that what they're seeing?
It's possible.
We don't know for sure.
Possibly.
Remote viewing
may actually offer
some of the best evidence of
this in controlled studies.
Abduction research.
Could gamma be a way that
they're accessing us?
If this is a doorway, is
this how they're getting in?
And I'm not saying this as
a bad thing or a good thing.
I'm not making a judgment on it.
It's just, as I said
in the beginning,
they are using our minds in a
more advanced way than we are,
and we have got to
keep that in mind
and keep striving to learn
more about ourselves.
And what about this?
I often think of it this way.
Beta isolation.
It seems like beta--
what I'm talking in,
there are everyday-- are we in
some kind of beta isolation?
Because to access anything
hypnosis, remote viewing, tarot,
mediumship, psychometry, any
of the psy stuff, meditation,
you've got to relax
down out of beta,
and that's where it
all becomes available.
So what's that?
What's the evolutionary
purpose of that.
I just wonder about this.
Why are we kind of
locked into this beta?
And it feels like a game that
you can't get out of sometimes.
You can, but we have
it set up and rigged
with all our social media
and all these crazy things
that we keep in beta.
But we want to go out.
It's just kind of a
fascinating look at ourselves.
OK, these are just a couple of
things I want you to know about.
Savvy human beings
were into these topics.
Obviously, that's
why we're all here.
So this is from MIT.
Dream incubation.
It's kind of what I was talking
about, where you have an idea,
and you're using that as the
target to open up your dreams.
Well, corporations have got
a hold of this research.
And I just want
everybody to know this.
They're into dream incubation.
So, for example, Coors was
just doing this huge thing.
And what they do
is they want you
to watch a stimulus movie
where they are pairing
beautiful mountains and
waterfalls and whatever
with Coors Light,
or Coors whatever.
And they want you to dream
about it because they know
that it influences behavior.
That is when you are very
vulnerable, I want to say.
Because your brain is going
offline when you sleep.
And we have Siri and Alexa and
this and that on our phones,
on our speakers, everywhere.
It's hard to even dismantle it.
Even in your Kindle reader.
They're all there, listening.
And it would take nothing.
When you're sleeping and
your brain's offline,
you are in the most
impressionable state.
We know this because
of studies they've
done where they've stopped
people smoking for a week.
They pair a smell--
cigarettes with rotten eggs--
and you won't smoke for a week.
They know they can influence
you in your dreams.
They know.
So corporations are into this,
and it's only just starting.
So we need to know about this.
OK?
This, it is huge.
And so this is important, too.
I don't know if everyone
keeps up with all this news.
I can hardly keep up with it.
Meta has an AI that
can read your mind
and draw your thoughts.
So we have text to
image right now.
You can put in some
words and make some art.
Most of the art here that
I made was done this way.
But Meta announced-- and this
was just the end of October they
announced this--
that they can do
thought to image.
I'm going to show
you with this--
we don't need audio on this
because it's probably me
breathing.
But watch this.
This is watching
someone's brainwaves.
Wait till we get down there.
I'm not going to
talk about that.
Look at this.
Someone's brainwaves, and that's
it, decoding our brainwaves.
It's not quite real time, but
you can see it's pretty good.
And that was a few weeks ago.
I can only imagine what
a few weeks will do.
I need you to know this.
And it's decoding what's
happening inside our brain, what
we're looking at.
It's decoding our brainwaves.
OK.
Now, this is real time.
So it's not quite at real time.
You see it's a
little bit slower.
But this is what it's
getting, almost real time.
Look how close it is.
And that's now.
This will be different already.
It's two weeks later.
So this is from
the Meta website.
We need to know
about these things.
And dreams.
In the dream world, same thing.
All of this technology
is getting so scary
close and that we
really have to worry
about our brains
and our privacy.
We're all thinking we don't
have to worry about it until we
decide to have Neuralink.
Right?
We put something
physical in our brains.
No.
We actually have something
to worry about before that.
Because this is
how close we are.
And we are not close to quantum
computers being widespread,
to the full power of
this, what's coming.
So all we can do is
know that it's going on
and integrate this into our
thinking moving forward.
And keep an eye on it.
They've already markered out--
they did this in 2013.
And so just imagine
where they are now.
They can already tell
what we're dreaming.
They already have
that technology.
They've already mapped it.
It's just I haven't
seen anything.
It's gone dark.
So who knows?
As soon as I know,
though, and I find out,
it will be in my
next presentation.
So the keys that we need to
remember to open ourselves up
to this amazing supercomputer
that is lying in wait for us
to access it and program
it, kick it around,
see how far it can go.
We have the keys, but
it is that targeting
those ideas, why
you want to do it,
that conviction,
that's what you need.
And, yes, recording
your dreams every day.
But the art of the question,
that's all you need.
And then journaling it and
receiving it, making time
to receive it in the morning.
So I had to do this, a
note from your psyche.
The ego is your gatekeeper.
We talked about that.
The keymaster to
your deeper realms.
We have to respect it.
Honest self-assessments.
I always have people
who come up to me--
not always, but
sometimes-- who are
having some dark things happen.
If you are having
anything like that,
you have to be very honest with
yourself and do that check-in.
Are you getting proper sleep?
And what is the input
that you're putting in?
Do you watch horror movies?
Do you watch this?
Are you watching the news?
This is what a psychologist
will do with you.
You are going to take
it all out, all of it.
All of that input,
anything negative,
take it all out for a while
if you are experiencing
something that is scaring you.
And if you do all of that--
we have to be responsible
for ourselves.
If you do all of that and
you're still having trouble,
it is probably time to start
talking to some people.
So we have to be honest with
ourselves about these things.
OK?
Record our experiences
immediately.
We talked about that.
Be judicious with what
you feed your brain.
Psychological sovereignty.
We kind of talked about
that as well already.
Why?
Why do this?
A lot of us who are here,
we feel this need to serve.
And-- it makes me emotional.
I think it's important for us to
feel fulfilled while we serve.
Yeah.
[APPLAUSE]
We have to light
our own light bulbs,
and then we can be
there for others.
This life is an amazing mystery,
all these incredible things
that we experience that
we know so little about.
Beautiful, beautiful things.
And I just want to
encourage all of us.
Know thyself, right?
We hear this all the time.
But I am just always
stuck on the beauty
of this, this place, where this
is the one remaining thing.
Know thyself.
And to me, I can't
say this is for sure,
it says, the key is inside you.
I truly believe we are
not accessing everything
that we are capable of.
The key to all of it, I
truly believe, is inside us,
and it's calling us towards it.
I believe we are
the greatest quantum
computers there will ever be.
We just haven't
discovered ourselves yet.
[CHEERS, APPLAUSE]
Yep.
Thank you.